we just did four and a half hours of
continuous conversation about history
and politics myself and Muhammad
Muhammad is on patreon as Muhammad
Socrates is a screen name
so conversation that covered China Japan
the Middle East Europe history a large
part of the world and you know Muhammad
I have a lot in common we have a lot to
talk about
I think one of the differences between
us really okay if will be for being all
the way real all the way honest which I
tend to be on this channel I'd say one
of the differences is why we got
involved with veganism in the first
place and then our political attitude
towards veganism now in 21st century now
and it's got to change
I've already my attitudes towards vegan
activism are changing and are going to
continue to change in the your head what
I do and what I aspire to do with how I
do it um I think it would be fair to say
you got involved initially due to health
bodybuilding I was just too ignorant
about the industry and I think though it
would also be fair to say that you like
many vegans become radicalized and
become politicized as soon as you see
the struggle within your own family
within your own City just to get vegan
food just to eat right resume you know
you mentioned various relatives you have
one relative who's also vegan we have
other relatives who kind of sort of
adopt a part-time vegan diet but won't
really commit to doing it all the time
but I mean just just the struggle to to
eat
you know just destroyed a food it leads
you to see more of a social dimension
because you ask why is it so hard for me
after that I started to consider I need
to stay healthy and every question as
soon as realize okay like health wise
argument why would you say I think
moving beyond the idea of veganism is
something you do as an isolated
individual to having more of a social
and political aspirations to transform
the people around you for me my daughter
lives in France and goes to school in
France and in theory all children in
France are forced to meet at school so
every parent in France gets politicized
they get radicalized because they have
to fight the school authorities on this
one way or another and come to a
compromise and either say they're a
member of our religious group they have
to get a kind of written exception so I
just I think that these these kind of
struggles and experiences for people who
maybe start out as just a health based
vegan I think this also kind of tends to
snowball into nationwide and worldwide
no but I understand I understand I mean
I always have this like but if I had
been born in another generation if you
were in the middle of World War two
fighting a war on a huge scale would
these questions even occur to you I can
say honestly for myself if I imagine
myself living in those political
conditions probably not and for a lot of
people whether you're in Jordan or Syria
or even Cambodia or something a lot of
people are preoccupied with political
conditions in war and peace that make
veganism seem like a trivial question
but yeah the the the hostility of the
culture around you towards veganism you
only know that after you become vegan
after you start raising your own child
vegan like you wouldn't know that like
how hostile are French people toward a
parent who wants to give their kid in
all vegan diet you find out after right
you don't you don't find out before like
I'm considering becoming vegan I'm gonna
do this you know you find that out
through experience I think I mean a
culture like Jordan I even saw in in
Cambodia - apart from the religious
dimensions and and just misconceptions
about health
you know this sense of if I have enough
money to eat meat meat is social status
meat a celebration meat as symbolizing
generosity in hospitality or there can
just be these these kinds of values so
built into you know the culture of
meaning if there's there's a lot of
coercion and suasion on stuff so even in
just fighting against that and resisting
that you get you get politicized I think
and it's inevitable you're someone who
just cares a lot about politics so this
is the main light motif of my channel in
2018 and I hope it's not in 2019 but
yeah yeah
so a got a question from a viewer you
know read him I first reply to that and
then you know open the floor you want to
comment further Melissa do you want to
come then I can swivel the camera was
this here but she's off camera so you
know my reply is already kind of
trenchant and provocative enough that it
kind of speaks for itself and gives you
I talk about but I do actually have a
couple notes further because the person
who wrote to me asking for advice he did
he did send me a further reply to this
so I wrote um there is a major implicit
problem in your email I'm starting here
you're gonna figure out what is guidance
in that there's a major implicit problem
in your email one you say that you have
no job no current career path or
ambition that's fine that's not a
problem in itself to you then talk about
vegan activism 3 is the point implicitly
that you want number 2 to become a
substitute for number 1 do you want to
try to make vegan activism your source
of income in your primary and only
career so there's a question being asked
to me about being or becoming a vegan
activist
someone who dis claims that he currently
has no job lives with his parents
doesn't have much money to speak of and
so on right
so proceed many many times when I D
humanitarian work people ask me for
advice in a parallel manner but without
really admitting the implicit premise of
the thing without a minute what it is
they're really asking they would say
something like point zero zero hey
you've lived in Cambodia Laos you know
all about living and working there one I
have no skills no job no career no money
nothing I can offer nothing I did help
anyone - therefore I should be able to
move to Cambodia or Laos or some other
poverty-stricken country and earn a good
living that would provide me with the
quality of life much higher than a rice
farmer living in that same country so a
higher quality of life than someone who
owns farmland probably owned some
farming equipment or machinery and with
skills do that job even if those skills
were learned for their grandparents not
at college right the point being I'd say
I can't even say this for Jordan the
level of poverty in Jordan is probably
quite moderate compared to get rid of
Laos and Cambodia at that time he's
really extreme poverty there but if you
see the quality of life a landowner has
and you're showing up with no job skills
no qualifications and you think I'm
gonna live a hierarchal I'm gonna live
like I'm in California or something I'm
gonna live like a Western middle-class
person by doing charity work by doing
humanitarian work there's a really deep
contradiction in this so I'm saying
there's a similar contradiction and
talking about vegan activism this way in
talking about activism at all as a
career or even as part of your career
even as a hobby there's a there's a real
there's a real misconception here okay
um if you are already a plumber you can
go to a refugee camp and do plumbing
really water and sanitation is a huge
problem refugee camps most the time I
actually did know one guy face-to-face
who did exactly this he was a plumber
and every vacation he had I forget he
was a plumber somewhere in Europe he
would go on vacation and do plumbing on
refugee camps you can imagine so
sometimes they were in the mid
sometimes in Asia and so on yeah
interesting role in life if you're
already a dentist you can go to Laos or
Cambodia to do dentistry but guess what
you'll be making a financial sacrifice
to do so and you'll live in terrible
conditions with zero income or near zero
income or possibly even the agency that
employs you will want you to donate
money to the agency just so you can have
the opportunity to work where you are
paying to work you're not being paid as
an as an employee and when you think
about it a lot of this is built into the
basic premise of humanitarian work in a
sort of unstated way I have an anecdote
here I'm just gonna summarize it more
briefly I knew this couple so they were
an older retired couple and even though
they had decades of experience living
and working in Asia and they had a lot
of experience connected to humanitarian
charity work minute they had some
experience I connected that kind of work
they put themselves in this ridiculous
position by setting up a volunteer
position and assuming they'd actually
pay for their retirement that they'd be
partly they'd be earning a significant
amount of money out of this and it was
ridiculous you know you putting
themselves into a situation where they
had no skills they wanted to be English
language editors and in Sri Lanka in a
situation where there was no money for
anyone to get paid for doing this kind
of volunteer work and you know like one
situation well did you think about what
the word volunteer means you know you
think about what helping people poorer
than yourself means like did you if you
just think about it you can't expect the
poor people you're helping to be paying
for you to retire it doesn't make sense
and that it still doesn't make sense if
you're a dentist or a medical surgeon
even they can't demand this or expect
this they have to be doing this a
sacrifice so what about you we're coming
back to vegan activism it's it's an
allegory people it's an allegory that
comes
really close all right so I say in brief
I actually have known many people
face-to-face with their lives were
really badly damaged by this kind of
misconception their involvement in
humanitarian and nonprofit work despite
the fact that they had some level of
intelligence and experience in that same
area of work so we return to your
question about vegan activism even if
you were writing to me as a medical
doctor and a fully qualified heart
surgery how positive could the advice
that I give you possibly be what if I
know someone who's a surgeon already and
they say yeah I wanted you thinking
activism I'm probably gonna be mostly
giving them burly negative warning
advice so I say your quote yeah well if
you quit your practice as a surgeon to
be a full time vegan activist that's
gonna be a disaster
close quote sure you hear about a small
number of heart surgeons who become
prominent as vegan advocates and
activists how many of them actually pay
for their rent from their income as
vegan activists the answer may be zero
just pause here this isn't in the letter
but we know a lot of the lot of the
vegan activists have criticized people
like James ass be James ass P only
started accepting donations on patreon
very recently in his life story he seems
to have been born wealthy and to be
using his own money I'm not criticizing
that but it would be really false to
look at James ass P as a vegan activist
and say oh you can make money and go on
vacation and swim in the beach and Bali
this this is not a business model and
not even for the heart surgeon it's not
even for the people who are dietitians
and surgeons and we know that dietician
I won't say her name she was trying very
hard to earn a living as a vegan vegan
activist dietitian fully qualified
dietician it's a it's a struggle it's
it's fundamentally very hard to justify
earning money out of charity of any kind
you know
that's that's what I'm getting at here
okay um a continuum a letter and you are
not a heart surgeon and you're not a
dentist and you're not a plumber
veganism is much much worse than louse
if you fly to louse and just join in a
lot of people will be happy to have your
company if you have zero skills and just
start learning the lotion language I can
say that you might have 10 good years
just trying to help out in Laos even if
you can't do anything more useful than
helping to repaint a barn why people are
just generally positive cheery and
cooperative there guess what
vegans are not if I had spent the last
five years contributing to lotion and
'san ecology so it's an area allows any
sand on two sides of a border know what
this ground if I had spent the last five
years contributing to ecology their
meaning rice farming etc how many
friends and colleagues do you think I
don't have admittedly most of those
friendships would require me to drink
alcohol and eat meat things I refused to
do but trust me Lao speaking ecology
lotions begin ecology is a really warm
and open scene including ecotourism etc
where you with zero skills could have a
good life in the next five to ten years
vegan activism is not not even if you're
a heart surgeon not even if you're an
architect that's the end the letter I
then say look this is not a mic drop
ending to the conversation if you have
something else to say back to challenge
me or disagree if you want to talk about
it from a perspective you know you can
you can go ahead and you know maybe
something unexpected is gonna come from
there to the conclusion and now also I
hope with this to the floor so Melissa
you have you have some you're already
familiar with where this was going
but yeah
to diplomatic outreach to other vegans I
always felt that yeah all right I mean
III think that's that's not really right
on topic with this with this message but
I think you might just be choosing not
to mention the extent to which the
alienation is mutual right so you know
because you're right sure sure right
okay but look it's not the case that I
wanted to spend my time at an animal
sanctuary cleaning up poo from horses
she okay I don't want to so and you know
I never even applied for that and both
in terms of fundraising and the number
of hours that go into vegan activism
that's probably the dominant discourse
Indian Act ISM is doing fundraising for
animal sanctuaries and then spending
your time and money having enough
sanctuaries hoping hoping animals so
it's not the case that I criticize that
and then regretted their roading the
basis for me a participant right there's
only one other thing I'm going to use
maybe two or three examples you okay
it's not the case that I wanted to stand
silently on the street wearing a mask
holding a sign but that I lost my
opportunity to do that because I came on
YouTube and just
and criticize that not good ideas right
so again the point is I did not want to
be part of a movement based on animal
rescue and sanctuaries and I explained
that explain the reasons why which by
the way includes cost it's very
expensive to keep one horse or to keep
one pig you'd be amazed there are other
reasons to ethically I'm gonna do this
video but I really don't believe in
basically keeping animals on farm in
captivity it's no different from petting
zoo to me ethically it doesn't make
sense what they're trying to do with
these these so-called sanctuaries so
it's it's not the case that this was
something I desired but that I was only
needed from due to a lack of diplomacy
this is something I rejected and that is
really integral to my knee my involved
with V ISM and that I would have
rejected whether or not open whatever
jected that would have been alienated
from so in a sense that's just saying
it's not a communication problem it's a
real genuine problems are real genuine
alienation and now you know is that true
of of everything in the movement well
the few but I think that comes back to
exactly we're talking about here in this
in this letter right like I'm not a
surgeon I'm not a dentist I don't have
any of the qualifications that would
make it possible for me to cooperate
with peace around or that would make
them interested in collaborating so
there there's elitism there that in a
sense I respect and will just accept it
I respect it like okay so PCRM is a
foundation buy-in for medical
professionals I'm not a medical doctor
so I can't really be involved with that
so yeah that's I think that's exactly
the the other side of it which is again
parallel to what I was saying in this
letter but if you don't have really
specific skills to offer then you know
what are your expectations of what what
your days of
what you can do for the movement and
also what the movement can do for you
they have to be they have to be
downwardly adjusted yeah well optimistic
and expectations prepared to now away so
when I started the YouTube channel the
YouTube channels name is Chinese and
it's hey Jin Jung Joo right so the still
the URL for the channel is YouTube / hey
ginger right so I wanted to do a an
Asian politics that was the original
plan for a balance yell for this YouTube
channel I didn't want to do vegan
activism at all and I just relocated
from Taiwan and I planned it for it I'd
moved back from Taiwan to British
Columbia and enrolled in an Asian
Studies program to do politics of Asia I
never met one other person who was
interested in politics of Asia so it was
really a disappointment of my
contemporaries now I did meet I did at
least one of their vegan activist I know
other vegan activist veganism became the
channel was never supposed to be a
veganism channel supposed to channel of
my life and it's very peculiar that
vegan activism took over the content of
the channel to such a large extent but
you know this still - I just did a bunch
of videos talking about my relationship
with my girlfriend and dating advice and
it still is a channel about my life I
didn't I didn't videos talking with job
at patient's job interviews that I was
doing that videos about joining the army
back when I applied to join the army so
you know that's that's still probably
true so yeah it's totally fair question
but I mean that
the really honest answer was that this
wasn't a plan to wash myself into into
the activism and okay was that
optimistic was that mr. bean activism I
think we should be able to do a
fundraiser to illustrate and publish the
story Buckeye Road which is vegan
propaganda as well to start off and it
is it's artful but it is ultimately to
support Venus that I want to be
optimistic about that should both you
know belong that I mean you know am i
optimistic about look there was another
channel a competitor of mine who was on
patreon doing fundraising and he said
for every five dollars you donate I will
convert one person to veganism you know
am i optimistic like that like like if
people donate $500 to me I can I can no
I mean in that sense know what was never
around the mystic was optimistic about
creating a new foundation in Canada that
would really be durable or something
like that you know you know I've said
this in the past the future of veganism
is not going to be one foundation like
one PC around it's going to be two three
five many PC RS 200 PC arms we need a
lot of specialized small organizations
just to deal with specific issues like
leather you know we can look at one shoe
even if leather the leather industry
polluting rivers dealing with these
specific issues from a be in perspective
in a thrown away
yeah sure yeah I was optimistic that I
could meet and cooperate with five to 15
other people and create specialized
agencies ultimately for political
lobbying public outrage and education
yes that I was
and even this expedition has not
realized no you just want to relate this
answer to the answer your other question
how do you beat those 15 people whether
it's five and fifty you how do you beat
that small number of people I do not
believe I could meet them but coming on
YouTube and bullshitting and pretending
to be a bimbo and be like oh wow this is
great everything going on abhi is really
the type of person I wanted to meet was
exactly the person you'd meet by coming
on and said hey look this is what direct
action everywhere is doing it's not good
enough
here's why this is what's going on on
animal sanctuaries it's not good enough
it's a waste of your time and money
here's what you know and that through
that I could meet and connect with again
I'm not I'm not even talking about one
percent of people Daigo five or fifty
people on total other people are really
serious say yeah you know what
let's table rounds let's have this
specialized group that just lobbies the
government on public education for
school children why are we promoting
eggs and dairy in schools why are we
telling children that cheese is healthy
then we know cheese is announcing you
know why isn't that illegal it's illegal
to tell the children to smoke cigarettes
so why do you have a propaganda in
schools telling them to eat cheese
there's on your eggs for that matter
again those are specialized forms of
advocacy and yeah I want to be super
cynical but look for people who want to
want to get organized and do that by
living a lie you know so I you know I
don't I don't is a totally valid
question you ask is the problem lack of
diplomacy but I don't think that's the
problem
and again there's another rich person
question of who do you compare me to
comparative vegan games who has who is
less diplomacy
near being games
compare me to Gary fritzy oh man
who has less diplomacy compare me to
Gary Yourofsky who has less diplomacy
suddenly when you actually start
comparing the other again kind of
aspiring leaders in the movement oh she
actually seemed to be way more
diplomatic nice people and I was dealing
with much more serious and contentious
issues which includes like you know
three you may not remember so long with
the dog castration issue fifty percent
of my audience quit
rearranged because I'm opposed to
castrate and dogs that was in me
amazingly controversial that I'm vegan
and I'm not gonna lie to you and say
castrating dogs is nonviolent and not
harmful and the dogs are happy at their
balls chopped off it's ridiculous that
was that was controversial to an
unbelievable extent yeah this is the
reality because so you know would it be
diplomatic to pretend that dog
castration is okay the fact that sound
petting zoos are okay Animal Center is
okay to pretend that you support terms
of activism that you think are a joke to
pretend that James ASPI is intelligent
to pretend that James asked these
Chinese tattoo makes sense and is it
this horribly carbon book you know would
it be more what anymore didn't matter it
might be but I mean it I don't think it
would it would serve my purpose one of
the things they used to say on YouTube a
lot but now haven't said fur for a long
time is what made what made past tense
vegan youtube so fractious and
contentious made it so dramatic was the
fact that different people were playing
different games by different rules and
they were always looking at each other
with the expectation you're gonna play
my game by my rules right you know
that's right something you have one
field and some people are going baseball
and some people are playing soccer no no
you can
kick the ball you know and yeah for sure
I mean some people were like Gary
Yourofsky some people were advocating
five months some people were advocating
terrorism gary yourofsky's position was
that the a LF the animal a brave fight
that the al f was not violent enough
that was his position and when I started
being involved in activism that was the
main thing I was opposing was the
glorification and glamorization of
violence als you have this spectrum then
freelee the banana girl selling you you
know youth and beauty and weight loss
and so on there are all these different
different approaches you think this is a
function and a trinsic like factor so we
went to a magazine shop yesterday here
in Germany and on the Shelf of the
magazine shutter shop there were five
vegan magazines it filled a whole show
and they all have really boring names
one is vegan world vegan I could get the
photograph though the details there were
five different full-color glossy vegan
magazines and they're all boring they
have nothing to say it's exactly the
most boring crap so I'm answering the
question you know does veganism have to
be internecine and fractious and
fragmentary and have this internal
conflict know the majority of veganism
is a boring corporate for-profit part of
consumer culture it's producing new
snacks and new recipes and new diets and
new yoga advice he is just as boring as
any
although none of them had anything
political none other than anything
ethical and they all body-snatching
right yeah right well no I'm not saying
that shouldn't exist but it's a contrast
like it's a connotation you're saying
I'm totally willfully you're talking
about it as a self-evident fact that
veganism is really contentious and
internally divided right right right
right right
no no no but but I mean the the other
the other reality being it reflects
which part of veganism you're looking at
cuz you're not looking at these bits um
on that store shelf you're not looking
at the corporate for-profit you know
boring mainstream element what it's not
even like United there's nothing to
unite you know I mean it's so and and of
course I mean in both cases money is a
huge motivating factor the the aspect of
veganism that's a poor fragmented and
mutually critical motivated by money if
once you take on that course you've got
that horse in that pig on that animal
sanctuary and you're spending all your
time getting on the phone and sending
out mails and clinical Tebowing sitting
on tables are fundraising and doing
auctions and charity fundraisers all
you're trying to do is make your targets
so that you can pay the veterinary bills
to keep that horse alive so that horse
can stand there in a wooden shack the
same as any other farm but you call it
essentially I think the sickest part is
they don't they don't admit that there's
you just are going to Omaha yeah I mean
I think you're starting completely right
that direct so DFC direct action
everywhere they transformed there
and their fundraising and everything
ultimately because they saw what Gotham
had minds what Gotham donations and they
change the whole I thought they threw
out everything they swore they'd have
occupied forever you know for money
that's my that's my purse they will
never say that well and I mean the
exceptions only prove the rule I pointed
this out Gary Yourofsky his whole career
you can follow the money
it's not hard to Google around and see
who pay for what even though that's
donation driven it's still economic
there's still an economy of donations
sure but look when I was involved in
Buddhism as a Buddhist intellectual were
there five ten or fifteen Buddhist
intellectuals who could be my equal
be my contemporary no and there are
similar kinds of boundaries here like
admitting to yourself that the animal
sanctuary thing is a scam right like
that's hard to admit yourself especially
you do if you committed the time and
money to shoveling that poo and keeping
that course alive you know passes but if
you put that in to stop and take a step
back and say what we're doing here is
for man this is the same as a farm in
every way except there's no
slaughterhouse like you know we just and
ultimately you still have to kill the
animals sewer later you know the course
has to be put down and you tell yourself
it's not you're not the same as another
farmer you're the same as a petting zoo
whatever you know petting zoos also
Chili's enough no one's there's no
wilderness no sorry really ruthless
nothing Russians you got a horse so you
have an old horse an old nag is
gradually dying then it breaks a leg you
shouldn't have or what will you sit
there and look at the bill you think
it's even possible do you think there
even is of that who's going to like okay
we can amputate the leg
give this horse a prosthetic leg is a
huge amount of money that every day you
need to take the physiotherapy try to
get the one a horse of the broken leg is
dead horse you know and all these
animals they constantly have parasites
in the Orangemen
and they live in captivity they live
many many years past the maximum
lifespan of the wild so inevitably you
know they are put down right what do you
do with a rifle or with poison but it
was just the kids you stopped working
and you know what there are no kill
shelters that commit to paying for
surgery every time the animals get
cancer and that's a joke too so you can
see all that see how that story plays
out you know with your cats you had to
make that decision sooner or later when
do we stop with humans you have to but
it's a little bit different humans get
to make the decisions for the devil yeah
yeah sure this was this is an aggression
I was just with a little thing so I was
only here the person is actually right
so he's mentioning this thank you it's
hard to admit to yourself this is a
waste of money
or just to admit yourself this is never
one to accomplish the goals of the vegan
movement this is not moving us closer to
our goals right and in other cases it's
admitting this is not moving us forward
effectively you know putting people in
prison doing illegal activities is not
effective it's also immoral I'm against
for the reason you
live in a democracy don't go to jail for
symbolic acts of protests ridiculous and
I'm sorry but various groups endorse the
kind of illegal activity so admitting
that yourself that what you've been
doing many Saudis is hard
likewise in Buddhism there are these
kinds of hard limits how many
intellectuals are there in Buddhism
we've done the researcher you've done
the reading who had the level of
commitment to the religion or culture or
area of study to really know their stuff
but have been still addicted themselves
you know what meditation it's no better
than prayer it's not all of this science
about meditation is believed you know
what in Christianity and Judaism they
have held in Buddhism we also have
heaven in hell there were a little
difference you know what the specific
types of torture used are different but
it's not better like if we criticize the
Christians and Muslims for believing in
Hell then we that criticism applies to
us also right I can get into the
technical differences with the Buddhist
version of hell enough the Christian
version ability in Buddhist hell you're
tortured by giant trees with enormous
needles some other things you don't
happen in Christian of yourself but it's
all torture there are still demons
torturing you by the way and NL equal
it's not that some other point is is
that you know it's not that there are no
intelligent people in veganism or no
intelligent people and Buddhism but
these lines that alienating from the
other stuff going on the scene yeah I
mean they're meaningful to me
I think the exclusion is mutual right
let the people within Buddhism really
believe in and really preach when people
go into a cancer award and try to teach
people dying of cancer how to do
meditation you know it's no different
from teaching people prayer you know
when they really they go in and tell
them who know this meditation they may
tell them it heals them it may tell them
it just
and your pain better but you know they
may actually be promising the miracles
that goes on and again you get into
these kind of fine moral differences
where where do you draw a line
politically where does it become
impossible for me to cooperate something
else
and obviously what we've all been seeing
in last five years is how fine the line
is where other people won't cooperate
with me but these same people they will
cooperate with durianrider they will
cooperate with vegan gains they will
cooperate with Gary France aione and
Gary Yourofsky they will walk with
people who are actually way more
offensive and politically noxious than I
am some of them will cooperate with ask
yourself you know yeah by just say so
you see this is almost an affirmation
that the lines are drawing they are
there are pretty important
communications but I mean a question for
you is do you think with this current
state of vegan activism do you think we
need more activists it kind of seems
like you know I've read a couple
articles lately that just say you know
if you want to hear convincing arguments
for veganism you can look up earthly
good you can look up James a skier you
know do we need more people doing this
kind of activism what we do need and
I've been in are people like like you
say that are motivated to get the dairy
and egg propagated out of school you
know out of the school more people that
are
this way but in that case if we need
more people involved doing this kind of
work who who are those kind of people
and who is able to do this as a job you
know in your in your message you
mentioned a couple that wanted to move
their retirement couple and so part of
my first reaction is to say oh we need
more people who are in retirement age
people who don't need to depend on this
for their living because what money is
in it it's just a charity if it's just
people who are only donating because
they care about a certain cause or a
certain issue so yeah and and how what
percentage of vegans are actually at
that age I think it's mostly a younger
generation yeah it cares about this you
know well that's also a difference with
gay rights by the way so when the gay
rights movement came out even though it
may be that the most visible people who
were on the covers of magazines were
young and attractive
there were always elderly gay people
that Miami is photogenic but it was say
homosexuals statistically there's a
single number of them in every
generation so there was a public there
was a constituency for gay rights evenly
distributed at all levels of income rich
and poor evenly distributed from elderly
young even though opposite under ones
would be more in the closet and whatever
so that's very very different from
veganism where it's not just the
tendency to focus on people who are
young and attractive but where actually
the numbers are disproportionately the
young and not the old it's a big
strategic difference you're noticing gay
rights I've done a lot of kind of
minority movements but look you know we
need more of everything I mean you know
this because of the unlike gay rights
gay rights was to serve a minority of
people who plan to I mean a small
minority people I mean our plan is to
become the majority and we really think
about that you know and then you think
about the
people who won't reply to my emails you
know I mean and including I mean I
talked to this one Foundation recently
who have a lot of money and they can't
even get 300 views on a YouTube video
and that's their meaning a form of
activism and like you know some of there
are YouTube videos 50 views like 30
views like really really really low and
I wrote to them and I said look I was
writing you asking for your help but I'm
in a position to help you like you know
I can give you I can give you 2,000
viewers and there's some of the most
cynical best appears the stuff I you
know whatever you know you think about
it okay
this is our plan is to expand and become
become the majority and you know oh you
know you know won't Gary Frenchy or
himself
you wouldn't return my emails I have
talked to be just a couple message back
for them Facebook back in the day but
you know you know the level of
cooperation the extent to which mutual
hostility makes any kind of cooperation
impossible it's laughable and the whole
world is laughing us freely was
laughable durian burger club even games
still is laughable etc me on the kind of
always Gary Yourofsky laughable I'm
gonna be saying and yeah there's a sense
in which word we're still legs up look
the other question you ask to kind of
rolled on from or which other one
question was do we need more activist I
already if you want to become the
majority we need more we need more we
even need more people like freely
we need more bikini models you know we
need more everything ready the the
majority by the year 2100 or something
you know then we need more of everything
but then the second question is what
kind of people do we need and the real
answer is these people are gonna choose
themselves right and that is both the
triumph and the tragedy of it when I
started doing humanitarian work at last
I spoke to several well people who had
this unbelievably positive view of white
Europe
and wait America unbelievably positive
now allows the country that was
destroyed by what people it was
destroyed first but the French Empire
and that by the American Empire to make
long story short and so I taught them a
bit why do they have this really
positive opinion well it's because every
single white person they ever known was
like a surgeon who volunteered to come
and help the poor and a small bunch of
Laos or an agricultural technician who
came to help them you know your deed
afield and alleviate starvation in a
valley they were these extraordinary
humanitarian volunteer type people who
personally made sacrifices to come to
Laos try to stand positive to make the
world a better place now those are the
that was the site of what people are
white Western culture civilization they
knew they didn't know the type of
American who flew a bomber aircraft and
destroy their country or the type of
American who voted for it and wanted it
and made that decision and the political
machinations behind that and the CIA and
the White House that's not what they
knew they knew this kind of unbelievably
flattering side of white Western culture
and civilization and the colony will
they know that's that's what they
thought we're all like that's who they
think we are those that they probably
met 30 or 40 people in there it's not
not just a few that's the segment of our
culture's daily those people choose
themselves they elect themselves and
sometimes the people who choose
themselves are completely inadequate for
the task they say no they completely
lack the confidence they should have and
you know I say that with no hesitation
of Akane's ask I say that with no
hesitation of of curiosity I think
they're terrible representatives reviews
terrible and sometimes it's someone who
is an okay representative I mean you
know dr. dr. mcdougal is not perfect
or something but you know sure dr.
mcdougal or yeah got positive bleeding
sores some of these guys been a little
bit eccentric
all right wrap it up long story short
you know my catchphrase this is not
something that's for everybody but if
not you
the new